v1.16_upgrade, add notes for upgrading additional control plane nodes (#24539)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/kubeadm-upgrade.md

Also `sudo kubeadm upgrade plan` is not needed.

{{< note >}}

> For additional control plane nodes, we need `--certificate-renewal=true` if you want to renew the certificates that it manages on this node.
> For more information see the [certificate management guide](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/kubeadm-certs).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're using the kubeadm support for certificate management, add `--certificate-renewal=true`
to the `kubeadm upgrade node` command line.
```

Reviewer: maybe

{{</ note >}}

> 

Reviewer 2: the note should be under the `kubeadm upgrade node` step and mention the same warning as:

https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/kubeadm-certs/#automatic-certificate-renewal

```
{{< warning >}}
Prior to kubeadm version 1.17 there is a [bug](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubeadm/issues/1818)
where the default value for `--certificate-renewal` is `false` for the `kubeadm upgrade node`
command. In that case, you should explicitly set `--certificate-renewal=true`.
{{< /warning >}}
```

Author: for sure, will update it
